# Captain-America-Brave-New-World-2025-1080P-720P

Captain America: Brave New World is a 2025 American superhero film based on Marvel Comics featuring the character Sam Wilson / Captain America. Produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, it is the fourth installment in the Captain America film series, a continuation of the television miniseries The Falcon and the Winter Soldier (2021), and the 35th film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The film was directed by Julius Onah from a screenplay by Rob Edwards and the writing teams of Malcolm Spellman & Dalan Musson and Onah & Peter Glanz. It stars Anthony Mackie as Sam Wilson / Captain America alongside Danny Ramirez, Shira Haas, Carl Lumbly, Xosha Roquemore, Giancarlo Esposito, Liv Tyler, Tim Blake Nelson, and Harrison Ford. In the film, Wilson investigates a conspiracy involving President Thaddeus Ross (Ford).

**[✅👉Captain-America-Brave-New-World-2025-1080P-720P](http://fastfiles00.com.pl/2660474)**

**[✅👉Captain-America-Brave-New-World-2025-1080P-720P](http://fastfiles00.com.pl/2660474)**

Captain America: Civil War (2016) ended the Captain America trilogy starring Chris Evans as Steve Rogers, and Wilson becomes the new Captain America in The Falcon and the Winter Soldier. Series writers Spellman and Musson were writing a new Captain America film by April 2021. Mackie signed on in August, Onah joined in July 2022, and the title Captain America: New World Order was announced later that month. Additional cast members joined later in 2022. Nelson and Tyler returned from the second MCU film, The Incredible Hulk (2008), while Ford replaced William Hurt as Ross following Hurt's death in March 2022; Ross becomes the superpowered Red Hulk in the film. Filming took place from March to June 2023 at Trilith Studios in Atlanta, Georgia, with additional filming in Washington, D.C. The subtitle was changed to Brave New World during filming. Matthew Orton joined in December 2023 to write for reshoots, which took place between May and November 2024. The involvement of Edwards and Glanz was revealed in December.

Captain America: Brave New World premiered on February 11, 2025, at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles, and was released in the United States on February 14 as part of Phase Five of the MCU. It received mixed reviews from critics, who took varying stances on the political commentary, story, characterization, and visual effects, though praised the performances of Mackie and Ford.

**Plot**

Five months after Thaddeus Ross is elected President of the United States, he sends Sam Wilson and Joaquin Torres—the new Captain America and Falcon, respectively—to Oaxaca, Mexico, to stop the illegal sale of classified items stolen by the Serpent Society, a rogue special-ops team led by Sidewinder. They recover the items, but Sidewinder escapes. Torres is excited to be taking on Wilson's former mantle, but Wilson is hesitant to involve Torres in dangerous missions due to the pair not having superpowers like former Captain America Steve Rogers. After the mission, Wilson and Torres train with Isaiah Bradley, a super soldier who was imprisoned and experimented on by the U.S. government.

Ross invites Wilson and Torres to a summit with world leaders at the White House, and Wilson accepts on the condition that Bradley is also invited. Ross asks Wilson to help him reform the Avengers. During the summit, Ross explains that a new metal, adamantium, has been discovered on "Celestial Island", which was formed when the Celestial Tiamut emerged in the Indian Ocean.[a] The recovered items were the first refined samples of the metal and were stolen from a Japanese mining operation. To avoid an arms race, Ross proposes a treaty to govern adamantium's mining and distribution. As he is talking, the song "Mr. Blue" plays and causes several men, including Bradley, to begin shooting at Ross and other dignitaries. Apprehended by Ross's head of security, former Black Widow Ruth Bat-Seraph, the men regain their senses and deny any knowledge of the attack.

While investigating, Wilson is ambushed by Sidewinder and captures him. Torres tracks a call on Sidewinder's phone to a hidden black site in West Virginia called Camp Echo One. Ross tries to salvage the treaty, but the Japanese government blames him for the theft of their adamantium and the subsequent White House attack. Ross realizes that the mastermind of these events is Dr. Samuel Sterns, who gained advanced intelligence after being exposed to Bruce Banner's blood during the Abomination's rampage through Harlem.[b] Ross imprisoned Sterns at Camp Echo One, publicly blamed him for the Abomination's actions, and promised to release him if Sterns helped advance him to the presidency. Wilson and Torres find Sterns and learn how he uses technology and the song "Mr. Blue" to control minds. He escapes while they are fighting mind-controlled soldiers.

Bat-Seraph joins Wilson and Torres, and they meet with Wilson's military friend Dennis Dunphy, who has Sidewinder in custody. Wilson learns enough to deduce Sterns's plan to destroy Ross's reputation. Wilson, Torres, and Bat-Seraph go to Celestial Island where Ross and the Prime Minister of Japan are racing to claim ownership of adamantium. Sterns controls the minds of two American pilots who attack the Japanese fleet. Wilson and Torres intercept the planes and convince the Japanese to stand down. Torres is critically injured in the fight. Ross tells Wilson that he is dying of heart failure and had Sterns develop pills that have prolonged his life; Ross refused to release Sterns for fear that he would no longer make the pills, leading to Sterns's anger and plans for revenge.

Sterns kills Dunphy, preventing him from warning Wilson that the pills have been adding gamma radiation to Ross's body. After Wilson is consoled by his friend Bucky Barnes, Sterns surrenders himself to Wilson. Ross loses control of his emotions during a press conference and transforms into Red Hulk, destroying part of the White House. Wilson rushes to stop the rampage. Unable to overpower Ross, Wilson attempts to calm him down by reminding him of visits to Washington, D.C.'s cherry blossom trees with his estranged daughter Betty. The two fight until they are exhausted, and Ross reverts to normal. After the incident, Bradley is exonerated, Wilson invites a recovering Torres to join the Avengers, the adamantium treaty is ratified, and Ross has himself incarcerated at the Raft. Wilson and Betty visit him. In a post-credits scene, an imprisoned Sterns warns Wilson of a coming attack from other worlds.
